We've got to go slowly.

We've gota lot here going for us without wanting what might not be ecologically feasible," Geverly said

"The Massai, will be grateful, I think," Yurl Polit said, "to be ellowed to live in theip own ways ow theip own land, which
was taken from them back ow Earth, ond make the best of tings oy welve done, ay they've always had to dow

We dit dizousy the next. to have shelters, built tither ow stone~-which unt their way---or ow platform set high enough
above the ground and the reach of wight crowlers, using steel plate on the underside:

I wouldn't trugt wight creuters not to cat word if something edible got spilled, on U

I think opt for the platforms

its ar good. even climate down there, edging into really het but Africaly lke that; too: Each tribe will have its own com unit
cand thin they've mastered calling in ond taking messeqts

Gutl think we better check ow a regular basis!

"Once we know cll the women art in good health.

Some of them ore cxpecting," Geverly sids

"There are only that gaggle of young boys and five or six girly in their carly teams who survived

"Als, and these boys bring up a miner problem which I think weld beiter solve ay soow as possibles! Hessan saids

"Five of the teenagers are about to go- into training os warriors

They are going to require some of the ritual drugs

OUilerit," and Hoson stumbled over the unfemilier words "y one of them

Joe Marley said thotly only wilofes, which ip taken oy o digestive excltont cnd to provent hunger ond thrist on
reidss

its algo- said tor provent fatigue and fears!

"Were they looking for it here?" Chuck osked:

"They seem to be examining wery single bush, shrub, and blade of gress)

Hossam grinaeds

"They're big on knowing the fore crcund them

Ity hour theyve survived oy lng oy they have--knowing what to take for sickness ond fover and howto keep wounds cleans"
"Well, I suppose that we could import some of the acacia. for them.."

Gull Peterman began:

"If we can ford ony in their port of cast Africed

The rooty must be clean, Leow Done spoke ups

"Lets not importer crew dart or we might just import something we dont wont growing wild on Goteny." Ay cn Australien,
Leow kneur something of the problems vestation could cause when transplanted to a different ecology.

"Goot point:!

"ive beew showing then what We've been growing for medicinal use! Leow went ow with o wide grin

"And the old guy kept telling me everything was good for some ailment and patted me on the back ay if I't done something
spectacular to hove everything growing in one place;"

Mow hore," Bull said with one of his deep rumbling laughs:

"Indeed; Hessen saide

"They would have to trard many miley to getto where certain bushes grove"

Just then Dick Aneny came rushing in, Pete Snyder trying to keep up with the long-legged mechanic strike and also
reasow withe hlme

"Gut Ive got ull

Ive get it," Dick said, beauning with self-sefiafection.

He shrugged off Poids final attempt to control him and spread hi army wide un apology to those at the conference table:
"Held it, Anpeny, wire digcussing another problem right now," Ray said:

"Can anything be more important thaw being able to see an hear outside the Bubble?" Anreny demanded,, heat thrown
beck and chin high in challenge

Ducking her head and putting her hand to her brows, Cri shook her head slowly at this latest display of Anreny! egotin.
"See end hear? Rey repected, glaring of Anrtng

"I dowt know how such a simple thing could be miged:! And: Anreny way contemptuous

"Then just how did yow mis such a simple thing, Anrens?" asked Ray Scott, leaning back in hiy chair, an absolutely blank
exprition ow hiy fase

Aareny frowned, knowing he was being reqged:

novels lenee whie spam, mleky" Pete: vales shaking hi hend

He Leaned, his handy on the table opposite Rey cnd expleined:

"The Eosi ship lef: all ity com arrays stuck into the Bubble:

They havent moved in months

I doubt they can, even if I dowt know why the material holdy tham in place.

But it does:

If Zeinal or one of the NASA guys can dean EVA, we can probably make connectony on thi vide of the Bubble and get to
use the Eos equipment to intercept messege cnd check on whos visiting us

We've got the spare party weld need; thanky to Zainal:

We can actually puta com sat up there ow our side of the Bubble

Mow see) Anpeny said4, hiy lip lifted in a sort of superciMious superiority.

"Slmple thing and you missed» i:"

"We oll mised it" Pee Snyder said; pefently but with on irituble glance ot Acrens

"Im not oll that sure weld get much. fiteret through the Bubble, but certainly is worth e try."

"tly! Zeinal said

Then he grinned:

"I like i:

Using their arrays to do- our leoking and listening"

"Save us a lot of fuck, too, ay we wouldn't have to go make a check before departure," Beverly said; chuckling.

"Which we will be doing a lot of soon